hello and welcome to movies in five
minutes or less
this is a recap of the 2018 horror film
a quiet place
starring emily blunt
warning spoilers ahead
the majority of earth's human population
has been wiped out by extraterrestrials
with hypersensitive hearing who attack
anything that makes sound
the creatures have armor-like skin that
protects them from bullets and
explosives
in a deserted town the abbott family
evelyn lee deaf teenage daughter regan
and younger sons marcus and beau
silently scavenge for supplies
they communicate in american sign
language while walking barefoot outside
beau
four is drawn to a battery-powered space
shuttle toy inside a store
but lee takes it away because of the
noise it would make
regan gives the toy back to bow along
with the batteries that his father
removed
beau activates the toy causing a nearby
creature to attack and kill him
one year later regan is still haunted by
guilt over her brother's death and
evelyn is nearing the end of her
pregnancy
lee is attempting to establish radio
contact with the outside world while
also researching the creatures for a
weakness
he tries to restore regan's hearing by
upgrading her cochlear implant with
scavenged amplifiers but the devices are
ineffective
later he takes marcus to a waterfall to
teach him how to fish while regan pays
her respects to beau's grave
when a louder background noise mask
their voices from the creatures such as
waterfalls lee explains that it is safe
to talk
regan blames herself for beau's death
according to marcus and she needs her
father to tell her that he still loves
her
evelyn goes into labor while alone at
home
she accidentally steps on an exposed
nail on her way to their basement and
drops a picture frame alerting a
creature
to alert the others she flips a switch
that turns the house lights red and
tries to remain silent during her
contractions
when lee notices the lights he tells
marcus to set off fireworks as a
distraction
he tracks evelyn down in their
improvised soundproof basement where she
is hiding with their newborn son lee
departs in search of their other
children
evelyn discovers that her basement has
been flooded due to a broken water pipe
and that she is trapped inside with a
creature
atop a grain silo regan and marcus seek
refuge marcus inadvertently enters and
the shattered door draws the creature's
attention away from evelyn causing it to
turn its attention to the siblings
regan rushes in to save marcus but she
sinks into the corn and almost chokes
marcus comes to her rescue and regan's
cochlear implant responds to the
creature's proximity by emitting a
high-frequency sound that repels it
while also injuring her ear
the kids are able to flee and reunite
with their father
while the siblings hide in a pickup
truck the creature reappears woundingly
marcus calls out to his father drawing
the creature's attention
lee makes a self-sacrifice for the
sibling's safety then yells to attract
the creature to him killing him regan
and marcus retreat to the basement after
rolling the truck down a hill to escape
and reunite with their mother
when the creature reappears regan
realizing that her implant sound
disturbs it places the device on her
father's microphone amplifying the
feedback
the creature painstakingly disoriented
reveals the flesh beneath its armored
head allowing evelyn to fatally shoot it
two creatures are attracted to the noise
of the shotgun approaching the house
according to the family's cctv monitor
now that they've discovered their
weakness evelyn nods to reagan and
reloads ready to take on the creatures
thanks for watching movies in five
minutes or less
don't forget to subscribe to our channel
till next time